Fix MPSPrep to support NumPy array work_wires (#9448)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

<h3>Documentation 📝</h3>

<h3>Bug fixes 🐛</h3>
* Fixed a bug in `MPSPrep` where passing `work_wires` as a NumPy array or an integer caused initialization errors.

>   ([#PR_NUMBER](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9448))

Reviewer: ```suggestion

* Fixed a bug in `MPSPrep` where passing `work_wires` as a NumPy array or an integer caused initialization errors.
  [(#9448)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/9448))
```
